# About us

One Million Group was established in response to market demand, for modern payment methods for goods and services that can be performed using cryptocurrencies. During our many years of professional career related to finance and sales based on a traditional payment system, we encountered many factors hindering transactions in a way that would be satisfactory for both sides of the exchange. That is why we have been exploring the subject of cryptocurrencies since 2012. They inspired us to create a decentralized and independent payment system, offering security, transaction stability and no additional costs associated with maintaining and trading capital. The common idea and desire to use cryptocurrencies in everyday life led us to create a team of specialists in finance, programming, IT, cryptocurrencies, sales and marketing. Our goal is to create a comprehensive system based on cryptocurrencies, which facilitates payments and trading, giving the possibility of stable investment. As part of our ecosystem, we provide the One Million Shop sales platform, which brings together contractors accepting trade using cryptocurrencies and giving access to customers and goods from around the world.

# History

Our experience with cryptocurrencies dates back to 2009. We have been trading and using cryptocurrencies for almost a decade, taking advantage of their unique advantages and advantages over the traditional form of payment. However, we have always missed a platform on which you can buy and sell products for cryptocurrencies.

For many years of market presence, we have noticed a lot of problems and restrictions that have arisen around cryptocurrencies. Despite the extraordinary development of this form of payment and the increase in interest, there have been and still are problems that do not allow us, cryptocurrency users, to take full advantage of their advantages. That is why we have joined forces and experience to create an innovative, comprehensive and secure platform that will eliminate these problems.

At the core of our idea is the experience of sales representatives, lawyers and financiers as well as the practical skills of programmers who are part of our software house. A few years ago, we were united by the idea of ​​decentralized, independent money that can be paid in everyday life, legally multiplied and traded. We also want to infect users of our platform with this idea. We are convinced that its unusual commercial advantages will enable
taking advantage of the benefits of cryptocurrency to anyone who sees the huge potential of this form of payment and wants to change the way people trade and buy services on the internet.
